Update README to refer to StarterKit (#2)
DomoApps/domo-phoenix: README.md

## Documentation

> This README provides a quick overview of how to use Phoenix. For more detailed information, please see the [Documentation](https://domoapps.github.io/domo-phoenix/). To quickly get up to speed on how to query data from Domo and chart with Phoenix, use the [StarterKit](https://github.com/DomoApps/StarterKit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This README provides a quick overview of how to use Phoenix. For more detailed information, please see the [Documentation](https://domoapps.github.io/domo-phoenix/). 

If you are looking to build a Domo Dev Studio app that can query data from Domo and chart with Phoenix, please refer to the official [Starter Kit](https://github.com/DomoApps/StarterKit).
```
